README.md, before:

# Generic data Reduction for nulling Interferometry Package
Reaching extreme interferometric contrasts relies as much on the hardware as on the data processing technique, which is one of the main research pillars of SCIFY. 
Over the past decade, self-calibration data reduction techniques have been developed and proven to improve the final contrast after post-processing by a factor of at least 10 over classical reduction techniques (Hanot et al. 2011, Mennesson et al. 2011, Defrère et al. 2016, Mennesson et al. 2016, Norris et al. 2020, Martinod et al. 2021). 
Over the year, several nulling self-calibration pipelines have been written. Within SCIFY, the goals are:
1. to develop a generic nulling self-calibration pipeline with all state-of-the-art features of high-contrast nulling data reduction and validate it on existing nulling data obtained with the LBTI survey; 
2. to primarly focus on the use case of NOTT
3. to improve the versatility and performance of the pipeline by adding dispersed modes and better ways to compute the error bars (e.g., MCMC);
4. to make this software open-source so that it can serve the whole community and serve as a basis for future developments


# Documentation
Find the documentation [here](https://mamartinod.github.io/grip/).

# Tutorials
1. [How to get the histograms of the data and the models](/tutorials/tuto1_get_histo_and_display.ipynb)
2. [How to scan the parameter space with a binomial likelihood estimator](/tutorials/tuto2_explore_parameter_space.ipynb)
3. [How to perform a fit with a binomial likelihood estimator](/tutorials/tuto3_fit_with_likelihood.ipynb)
4. [How to use a MCMC approach](/tutorials/tuto4_use_of_mcmc.ipynb)
5. [How to build your own model of the instrument](/tutorials/tuto5_build_your_own_model.ipynb)

# Installation
## Dependencies
- numpy >= 1.26.2
- scipy >= 1.11.4
- matplotlib >= 3.6.3
- h5py >= 3.8.0
- emcee >= 3.1.4
- numdifftools >= 0.9.41
- astropy >= 5.2.1
- cupy >= 11.5.0 (optional and has to be manually installed besides GRIP)

## How-to
1. Clone or download the repo.
2. Open the folder then a terminal
3. Use the command ``pip install .``.
4. Visit the documentation and its tutorial to discover more about the library.

## Uninstall
1. Open a terminal and the environment
2. Do not locate yourself in the folder of the package or the parent
3. Type `pip uninstall grip`
4. Delete the folder `grip`

# Acknowledgements
GRIP is a development carried out in the context of the [SCIFY project](http://denis-defrere.com/scify.php). SCIFY has received funding from the European Research Council (ERC) under the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation program (grant agreement No 8660).

The documentation of the software package is funded by the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation program under grant agreement No. 101004719.

Commit message:

Update documentation for dev branch

README.md, after:

# Generic data Reduction for nulling Interferometry Package
Reaching extreme interferometric contrasts relies as much on the hardware as on the data processing technique, which is one of the main research pillars of SCIFY. 
Over the past decade, self-calibration data reduction techniques have been developed and proven to improve the final contrast after post-processing by a factor of at least 10 over classical reduction techniques (Hanot et al. 2011, Mennesson et al. 2011, Defrère et al. 2016, Mennesson et al. 2016, Norris et al. 2020, Martinod et al. 2021). 
Over the year, several nulling self-calibration pipelines have been written. Within SCIFY, the goals are:
1. to develop a generic nulling self-calibration pipeline with all state-of-the-art features of high-contrast nulling data reduction and validate it on existing nulling data obtained with the LBTI survey; 
2. to primarly focus on the use case of NOTT
3. to improve the versatility and performance of the pipeline by adding dispersed modes and better ways to compute the error bars (e.g., MCMC);
4. to make this software open-source so that it can serve the whole community and serve as a basis for future developments


# Documentation
Find the documentation [here](https://mamartinod.github.io/grip/).

For the documentation of specific releases, see the [ReadTheDocs](https://grip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

# Tutorials
1. [How to get the histograms of the data and the models](/tutorials/tuto1_get_histo_and_display.ipynb)
2. [How to scan the parameter space with a binomial likelihood estimator](/tutorials/tuto2_explore_parameter_space.ipynb)
3. [How to perform a fit with a binomial likelihood estimator](/tutorials/tuto3_fit_with_likelihood.ipynb)
4. [How to use a MCMC approach](/tutorials/tuto4_use_of_mcmc.ipynb)
5. [How to build your own model of the instrument](/tutorials/tuto5_build_your_own_model.ipynb)

# Installation
## Dependencies
- numpy >= 1.26.2
- scipy >= 1.11.4
- matplotlib >= 3.6.3
- h5py >= 3.8.0
- emcee >= 3.1.4
- numdifftools >= 0.9.41
- astropy >= 5.2.1
- cupy >= 11.5.0 (optional and has to be manually installed besides GRIP)

## How-to
1. Clone or download the repo.
2. Open the folder then a terminal
3. Use the command ``pip install .``.
4. Visit the documentation and its tutorial to discover more about the library.

## Uninstall
1. Open a terminal and the environment
2. Do not locate yourself in the folder of the package or the parent
3. Type `pip uninstall grip`
4. Delete the folder `grip`

# Acknowledgements
GRIP is a development carried out in the context of the [SCIFY project](http://denis-defrere.com/scify.php). SCIFY has received funding from the European Research Council (ERC) under the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation program (grant agreement No 8660).

The documentation of the software package is funded by the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation program under grant agreement No. 101004719.
